README.md, before:

# duplicate_file_finder

requries python 3, i used the latest version of python (3.8 currently)

to install pyqt5, use this command on windows:
```
py -m pip install pyqt5
```
on linux:

```
python3 -m pip install pyqt5
```

start dup_finder_qt5.py with command line options

```
usage: dup_finder_qt5.py [-h] --directories DIRECTORIES [DIRECTORIES ...]
                         [--exclude EXCLUDE [EXCLUDE ...]]
                         [--ext EXT [EXT ...]]
                         [--ignore_ext IGNORE_EXT [IGNORE_EXT ...]]

required arguments:
  --directories DIRECTORIES [DIRECTORIES ...], -d DIRECTORIES [DIRECTORIES ...]
                        directories to search

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --exclude EXCLUDE [EXCLUDE ...], -ed EXCLUDE [EXCLUDE ...]
                        directories to exclude
  --ext EXT [EXT ...], -e EXT [EXT ...]
                        only check files with these extensions
  --ignore_ext IGNORE_EXT [IGNORE_EXT ...], -i IGNORE_EXT [IGNORE_EXT ...]
                        file extensions to exclude
```

Commit message:

[readme] forgot about send2trash

README.md, after:

# duplicate_file_finder

requries python 3, i used the latest version of python (3.8 currently)

for modules, it requires pyqt5, and optionally send2trash
to install these, use this command on windows:
```
py -m pip install pyqt5 send2trash
```
on linux:

```
python3 -m pip install pyqt5 send2trash
```

start dup_finder_qt5.py with command line options

```
usage: dup_finder_qt5.py [-h] --directories DIRECTORIES [DIRECTORIES ...]
                         [--exclude EXCLUDE [EXCLUDE ...]]
                         [--ext EXT [EXT ...]]
                         [--ignore_ext IGNORE_EXT [IGNORE_EXT ...]]

required arguments:
  --directories DIRECTORIES [DIRECTORIES ...], -d DIRECTORIES [DIRECTORIES ...]
                        directories to search

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --exclude EXCLUDE [EXCLUDE ...], -ed EXCLUDE [EXCLUDE ...]
                        directories to exclude
  --ext EXT [EXT ...], -e EXT [EXT ...]
                        only check files with these extensions
  --ignore_ext IGNORE_EXT [IGNORE_EXT ...], -i IGNORE_EXT [IGNORE_EXT ...]
                        file extensions to exclude
```
